hi I'm Paul corn from a1 archery and
tombstone Creek Golf fitting today I'm
going to go through the proper setup of
the O's onyx hr200 scent elimination
unit in my hand is the O's onyx unit
that everybody is talking about this
unit is very effective in eliminating
human order how it does it is actually
taking Oh - which is oxygen and
splitting it with an electrical current
this oh 3 is very unstable and it wants
to grab everything so you are actually
setting this unit up at a 45 degree
angle with the wind so that as the wind
blows it actually blows your scent into
this curtain of o3
the o3 is actually heavier than air so
it actually drops creating this curtain
so you want to make sure that your unit
is at a 45 degree angle so that it can
create that curtain and also that is it
is going with the wind it is okay to put
the unit upside down if the fan noise
bothers you normally on a windy day or
if there's a little bit of wind let's
say between three to eight miles an hour
you don't normally hear the fan the fan
by the way do not be concerned it is a
white noise so the animals are not
alarmed by that in other words as they
get closer to the unit the pitch of the
sound actually varies accordingly it's
kind of like hearing traffic in a
distance as you walk closer to it it is
a white noise it's not something that's
gonna startle them like a clang or a
bang or maybe ticking your release on
your bow so to reiterate when you set
the unit up 45-degree angle create the
curtain make sure it's going with the
wind you really should not be smelling
the ozone if you have it set up
correctly it'll be blowing it away from
you and the wind will be blowing your
scent into the oh three which will take
it apart and also remember it's okay to
put it upside down if the fan noise is
bothering you that way it puts the unit
between you and the fan and it does make
it a little bit quieter also important
to note is you always want the unit to
be as close to you as possible so I set
mine as I'm standing up so it just
clears my head
when I sit down I'm gonna be further
away from the unit I'm trying to make
that profile as small as possible and to
cover as much of me as a can thanks for
watching and I hope that this sonics
hr200 tech tip has been very helpful to
you and will help you in your quest to
take a trophy whitetail the best place
to get your OHS onyx hr200 unit is on
hunt with ozone calm at hunt with ozone
calm they have a two-year warranty which
is one year better than the
manufacturer's warranty and also
remember Mo's onyx has a one-year
unconditional no questions asked
money-back guarantee so if you buy the
unit you have an entire season to use it
and if you don't believe that it works
you can send it back I always tell
people if you buy this unit and you use
it for an entire season and you can
actually send it back that would be hard
for me to believe because at some point
during the season probably several
different times you're gonna have
encounters that you will not believe as
deer are downwind and have no idea that
you are there also on the hunt with
ozone website go to the video section
and watch the how it works
there's a very good animated depiction
of how the ozone dispenses and how it
looks when it gets between you and the
deer and what happens when you're sent
its that curtain best of luck to you
this fall and I hope you kill a trophy
buck this is going to help you good luck